#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
comm==0.2.1
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
dill==0.3.8
    # via tcrdist3
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
feather-format==0.4.1
    # via zipdist
fisher==0.1.14
    # via fishersapi
fishersapi==0.5
    # via
    #   hierdiff
    #   tcrdist3
fonttools==4.49.0
    # via matplotlib
hierdiff==0.85
    # via tcrdist3
ipykernel==6.29.3
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.22.2
    # via ipykernel
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via hierdiff
joblib==1.3.2
    # via hierdiff
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.42.0
    # via numba
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   palmotif
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
numba==0.59.0
    # via
    #   pwseqdist
    #   tcrdist3
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   fisher
    #   fishersapi
    #   hierdiff
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   palmotif
    #   pandas
    #   parasail
    #   patsy
    #   pwseqdist
    #   pyarrow
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tcrdist3
    #   tcrsampler
    #   zipdist
olga==1.2.4
    # via tcrdist3
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   statsmodels
palmotif==0.4
    # via tcrdist3
pandas==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fishersapi
    #   hierdiff
    #   palmotif
    #   pwseqdist
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tcrdist3
    #   tcrsampler
    #   zipdist
parasail==1.3.4
    # via
    #   palmotif
    #   pwseqdist
    #   tcrdist3
parmap==1.7.0
    # via
    #   pwseqdist
    #   tcrdist3
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.6
    # via statsmodels
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.2.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via jupyter-core
progress==1.6
    # via tcrsampler
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pwseqdist==0.6
    # via tcrdist3
pyarrow==15.0.0
    # via feather-format
pygments==2.17.2
    # via ipython
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   fishersapi
    #   hierdiff
    #   palmotif
    #   pwseqdist
    #   statsmodels
    #   tcrdist3
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.14.1
    # via
    #   fishersapi
    #   hierdiff
svgwrite==1.4.3
    # via palmotif
tcrdist3 @ git+https://github.com/kmayerb/tcrdist3.git@0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tcrsampler==0.1.9
    # via tcrdist3
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
zipdist==0.1.5
    # via tcrdist3
